documents/Final Hand in statement .md, before:

**Name:**    
**Date submitted:**     
**Final Git Hash:**

# Requirements
**Code works with the following versions**

**Python version:**  

**Arcade version:**

**Aditional Libraries:**


# Copyright information

**Graphical Assets**

| **Asset Name**  | **Created/Creator** |  **License** |
| :-------: | :---: | :---: |
| Add assets | here | like this |
| Add assets | here | like this |
| Add assets | here | like this |
| Add assets | here | like this |


**Sound Assets**

| **Asset Name**  | **Created/Creator** |  **License** |
| :-------: | :---: | :---: |
| Add assets | here | like this |
| Add assets | here | like this |
| Add assets | here | like this |
| Add assets | here | like this |

**Code**

Code created by myself. Inspired by and adapted from the following tutorials

| **Tutorial Name** | **Link** |
| :--------: | :---: |
| example tutorial | [Example link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipy88sNOgQk&list=PL-NaYeCEwvWg9he3WAr8zGtLNiO8pPMWc)
| example tutorial | [Example link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipy88sNOgQk&list=PL-NaYeCEwvWg9he3WAr8zGtLNiO8pPMWc)
| example tutorial | [Example link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipy88sNOgQk&list=PL-NaYeCEwvWg9he3WAr8zGtLNiO8pPMWc)
| example tutorial | [Example link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipy88sNOgQk&list=PL-NaYeCEwvWg9he3WAr8zGtLNiO8pPMWc)


**Final Testing**

Please describe how you know your final game works

> Explain here 

**Authenticity Statement**

Other than using tutorials and example code, all this work is my own. I understand all of the code and can explain it. Every commit made from my account was made by me. 

> **Signed:**   
> **Date:**  
  

# Handing in checklist

Please ensure you have the following in your the final commit on the master branch.
- The Game design document.
- All the code.
- All the assets required to run the game.
- All the sprint documentation.
- All the videos used in sprint documentation or youtube links.
- All the documents linked to in the sprint documentation.
- All the testing and trialing documentation.
- Final Review completed
- This document, completed and committed.

Commit message:

Readying documents for final hand-in
Fixed some bugs with the options menu and readying documents for final hand-in

documents/Final Hand in statement .md, after:

**Name:**    
**Date submitted:**     
**Final Git Hash:**

# Requirements
**Code works with the following versions**

**Python version:**  

**Arcade version:**

**Additional Libraries:**
# Copyright information

**Graphical Assets**

| **Asset Name**  | **Created/Creator** |  **License** |
| :-------: | :---: | :---: |
| The Lady of the Asylum | Kelo | Creative Commons |

**Sound Assets**

| **Asset Name** | **Created/Creator** |                       **License**                       |
|:--------------:|:-------------------:|:-------------------------------------------------------:|
| Demonic Scream |       Pixaby        | [License](https://pixabay.com/service/license-summary/) |

**Code**

Code created by myself. Inspired by and adapted from the following tutorials

| **Tutorial Name** | **Link** |
| :--------: | :---: |
| How To Save And Load Options And Graphics Settings - Unreal Engine 4 Tutorial | [Example link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4M2v2SYJDJk)

**Final Testing**

Please describe how you know your final game works

> Explain here 

**Authenticity Statement**

Other than using tutorials and example code, all this work is my own. I understand all of the code and can explain it. Every commit made from my account was made by me. 

> **Signed:**   
> **Date:**  
# Handing in checklist

Please ensure you have the following in your the final commit on the master branch.
- The Game design document.
- All the code.
- All the assets required to run the game.
- All the sprint documentation.
- All the videos used in sprint documentation or youtube links.
- All the documents linked to in the sprint documentation.
- All the testing and trialing documentation.
- Final Review completed
- This document, completed and committed.
