documents/sprint-docs/Sprint Document One.md, before:

# Details
**Name: Xavier Frater**

**Git Hash: 38f5ca6ee165d7ab96365bc558480d2c2e37c33b
			   ad95eda4c5b4354305176981672278162a03856a**

**Sprint Number: 1**

**Start Date:13/03/2023**

**End Date:31/03/2023**

**Work hard rating**
☆☆

# Project at the start of the sprint
## **KANBAN board at the start of the sprint:**
![[Pasted image 20230505130609.png]]
## **Screenshot of the game at the start of the sprint:**
![[Pasted image 20230505130943.png]]
# Sprint Summary
## **Sprint Reflection and summary:**
(make this specific)
During this time, I don't believe I did a lot of work and felt relatively unmotivated to finish this project due to the massive climb I had ahead of me when it came to designing the game. Mechanics such as collisions with the object I'm standing on were easily taken care of thankfully and gave me the motivation I needed to continue the project.

## **Major Changes and Achievements Described:**
- Created some gems and textured them
- Added a losing condition
- Changed the time to night
- Created the stands for the player to interact with
- Can interact with the gems

## **Brief Description of your testing**
(bullet point)
I had a friend of mine test the game and its mechanics to see if any bugs could be exploited, and thanks to the simplicity of the game, no bugs could be found in the current state of the game. An issue that my friend had with the game was that there currently wasn't a win condition, and if you fell off the platforms, the game had to be restarted as there was no lose condition. A mechanic I wish to add at the end of the sprint.

## **Link to testing results/tables**
[[testing]]

# Project at the end of the sprint
## **KANBAN board at the end of the sprint:**
![[Pasted image 20230508143458.png]]


## **Screenshot of the game at the end of the sprint:**
![[Pasted image 20230508142829.png]]

## Link to **Video of the game at the end of the sprint**


## **Notes for next time, future improvements:**
I would like to finish this MVP project and move onto the real game eventually. A scroll collectable still needs to be added and I would also like to maybe trial opening and closing doors as well as interacting with other.

Commit message:

Sprint documents completed
Sprint documents for sprint two have been completed and the changed that were needed have been made

documents/sprint-docs/Sprint Document One.md, after:

# Details
**Name: Xavier Frater**

**Git Hash: 38f5ca6ee165d7ab96365bc558480d2c2e37c33b
			   ad95eda4c5b4354305176981672278162a03856a**

**Sprint Number: 1**

**Start Date:13/03/2023**

**End Date:31/03/2023**

**Work hard rating**
☆☆

# Project at the start of the sprint
## **KANBAN board at the start of the sprint:**
![[Pasted image 20230505130609.png]]
## **Screenshot of the game at the start of the sprint:**
![[Pasted image 20230505130943.png]]
# Sprint Summary
## **Sprint Reflection and summary:**
During this time, the ground work for the game had to be laid out. I managed to use Inventor and 3DS Max to model the structures seen in the two screenshots of the game and had no troubles with this. Some collision work had to be done and a lot of figuring things out as I go was occurring during this time. However, it was relatively easy implementing the mechanics I needed as the blueprint language is easy to understand and to read.

## **Major Changes and Achievements Described:**
- Created some gems and textured them
- Added a losing condition
- Changed the time to night
- Created the stands for the player to interact with
- Can interact with the gems

## **Brief Description of your testing**
(bullet point)
I had a friend of mine test the game and its mechanics to see if any bugs could be exploited, and thanks to the simplicity of the game, no bugs could be found in the current state of the game. An issue that my friend had with the game was that there currently wasn't a win condition, and if you fell off the platforms, the game had to be restarted as there was no lose condition. A mechanic I wish to add at the end of the sprint.

## **Link to testing results/tables**
[[testing]]

# Project at the end of the sprint
## **KANBAN board at the end of the sprint:**
![[Pasted image 20230508143458.png]]


## **Screenshot of the game at the end of the sprint:**
![[Pasted image 20230508142829.png]]

## Link to **Video of the game at the end of the sprint**


## **Notes for next time, future improvements:**
I would like to finish this MVP project and move onto the real game eventually. A scroll collectable still needs to be added and I would also like to maybe trial opening and closing doors as well as interacting with other.
