documents/testing-and-trialing/testing.md, before:

## Test 1:
# Getting user input

Date: 12/04/2023
![[Pasted image 20230403141627.png]]
| Test Data                           | Expected                              | Observed                            |
| ----------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- |
| Moving backwards and forth          | The ball rolls backwards and forwards | The ball rolled backwards and forth |
| Moving the character left and right | The ball rolls left and right         | The ball rolled left and right      |
| Pressing space to jump              | The balls will move vertically        | The ball moves vertically           | 


## Test 2:
# Checking for collisions with gems
Date: 27/04/2023
![[Pasted image 20230505123322.png]]
| Test Data              | Expected                                                                      | Observed            |
| ---------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
| Colliding with the gem | The gem is collided with by the player and is destroyed (removed from memory) | Exactly as expected |
| Adding to the score    | The score counter increases after the actor is destroyed                      | Exactly as expected | 

## Test 3:
# Testing if gem rotates when game is running
Date: 27/04/23
![[Pasted image 20230505123552.png]]

| Test Data    | Expected                               | Observed         |
| ------------ | -------------------------------------- | ---------------- |
| Gem rotating | The gem rotates in a static y position | Same as expected | 

## Test 4:
# Revised player input
Date: 27/04/23

![[Pasted image 20230505125101.png]]
![[Pasted image 20230505125104.png]]
![[Pasted image 20230505125112.png]]
![[Pasted image 20230505125118.png]]

| Test Data                           | Expected                                                       | Observed                                                       |
| ----------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Moving backwards and forth          | The player moves backwards and forwards                        | The player moved backwards and forth                           |
| Moving the character left and right | The player moves left and right                                | The player moved left and right                                |
| Pressing space to jump              | The player will jump                                           | The player jumps                                               |
| Moving the mouse around             | The camera will revolve around the player based on mouse input | The camera revolved around the player in the desired direction | 

## Test 5:
# Adding a score UI
Date: 01/05/23
![[Pasted image 20230505125506.png]]
![[Pasted image 20230505125533.png]]

| Test Data                                                     | Expected                                                                             | Observed         |
| ------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------- |
| Score counter in the top middle of the screen                 | The score counter renders the current score in the top, middle of the screen         | Just as expected |
| Score counter increments with every gem collision with player | The score counter increases in increments of one when a gem is collected             | Just as expected |
| Score counter limits                                          | When the score counter reaches six, the game closes and unloads the process from RAM | Just as expected | 


## Test 6:
# Testing the main menu and its buttons 
Date: 04/05/2023
![[Pasted image 20230505124306.png]]
![[Pasted image 20230505124455.png]]
![[Pasted image 20230505124546.png]]

| Test Data                                                         | Expected                                                                            | Observed                                                |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| Pressing play                                                     | Begins the game and loads the first level                                           | Had trouble initially with this but eventually fixed it |
| Pressing the options button                                       | Opens the options menu and allows the user to see the resolution options            | Same as expected                                        |
| Pressing the Quit button                                          | Closes the game and removes the process from RAM                                    | Same as expected                                        |
| Changing the resolution by interacting with the resolution button | Changes the resolution of the viewport and ensuring the game is still full-screened | Same as expected                                        |
| Pressing play and removing all the widgets                        | Removes the main menu screen                                                        | Same as expected                                        |

## Test 7:
# Testing the opening and closing of the doors and the interact prompt
![[Pasted image 20230804124126.png]]

| Test Data                                                         | Expected                                                                            | Observed                                            |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------- |
| Walking up to the door                                            | The game calls the widget "overlap prompt" and displays the prompt on screen        | Overlap prompt is called and is displayed on screen |
| Pressing E to interact with the door                              | The door opens and closes while playing the animation and the sound                 | Same as expected                                    |

## Test 7:
# Testing the picking up of keys in the scene
![[Pasted image 20230804124348.png]]

| Test Data                            | Expected                                                                     | Observed                                            |
| ------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------- |
| Walking into the key hitbox          | The game calls the widget "overlap prompt" and displays the prompt on screen | Overlap prompt is called and is displayed on screen | 
| Pressing E to pick the key up  | The door opens and closes while playing the animation and the sound          | Same as expected                                    |

Commit message:

Bug fixes made
Some bugs were fixed related to AI roaming. The settings menu was updated and can now save settings and the desk in the office has now been flipped to the correct orientation

documents/testing-and-trialing/testing.md, after:

## Test 1:
# Getting user input

Date: 12/04/2023
![[Pasted image 20230403141627.png]]
| Test Data                           | Expected                              | Observed                            |
| ----------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- |
| Moving backwards and forth          | The ball rolls backwards and forwards | The ball rolled backwards and forth |
| Moving the character left and right | The ball rolls left and right         | The ball rolled left and right      |
| Pressing space to jump              | The balls will move vertically        | The ball moves vertically           | 


## Test 2:
# Checking for collisions with gems
Date: 27/04/2023
![[Pasted image 20230505123322.png]]
| Test Data              | Expected                                                                      | Observed            |
| ---------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
| Colliding with the gem | The gem is collided with by the player and is destroyed (removed from memory) | Exactly as expected |
| Adding to the score    | The score counter increases after the actor is destroyed                      | Exactly as expected | 

## Test 3:
# Testing if gem rotates when game is running
Date: 27/04/23
![[Pasted image 20230505123552.png]]

| Test Data    | Expected                               | Observed         |
| ------------ | -------------------------------------- | ---------------- |
| Gem rotating | The gem rotates in a static y position | Same as expected | 

## Test 4:
# Revised player input
Date: 27/04/23

![[Pasted image 20230505125101.png]]
![[Pasted image 20230505125104.png]]
![[Pasted image 20230505125112.png]]
![[Pasted image 20230505125118.png]]

| Test Data                           | Expected                                                       | Observed                                                       |
| ----------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Moving backwards and forth          | The player moves backwards and forwards                        | The player moved backwards and forth                           |
| Moving the character left and right | The player moves left and right                                | The player moved left and right                                |
| Pressing space to jump              | The player will jump                                           | The player jumps                                               |
| Moving the mouse around             | The camera will revolve around the player based on mouse input | The camera revolved around the player in the desired direction | 

## Test 5:
# Adding a score UI
Date: 01/05/23
![[Pasted image 20230505125506.png]]
![[Pasted image 20230505125533.png]]

| Test Data                                                     | Expected                                                                             | Observed         |
| ------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------- |
| Score counter in the top middle of the screen                 | The score counter renders the current score in the top, middle of the screen         | Just as expected |
| Score counter increments with every gem collision with player | The score counter increases in increments of one when a gem is collected             | Just as expected |
| Score counter limits                                          | When the score counter reaches six, the game closes and unloads the process from RAM | Just as expected | 


## Test 6:
# Testing the main menu and its buttons 
Date: 04/05/2023
![[Pasted image 20230505124306.png]]
![[Pasted image 20230505124455.png]]
![[Pasted image 20230505124546.png]]

| Test Data                                                         | Expected                                                                            | Observed                                                |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| Pressing play                                                     | Begins the game and loads the first level                                           | Had trouble initially with this but eventually fixed it |
| Pressing the options button                                       | Opens the options menu and allows the user to see the resolution options            | Same as expected                                        |
| Pressing the Quit button                                          | Closes the game and removes the process from RAM                                    | Same as expected                                        |
| Changing the resolution by interacting with the resolution button | Changes the resolution of the viewport and ensuring the game is still full-screened | Same as expected                                        |
| Pressing play and removing all the widgets                        | Removes the main menu screen                                                        | Same as expected                                        |

## Test 7:
# Testing the opening and closing of the doors and the interact prompt
![[Pasted image 20230804124126.png]]

| Test Data                                                         | Expected                                                                            | Observed                                            |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------- |
| Walking up to the door                                            | The game calls the widget "overlap prompt" and displays the prompt on screen        | Overlap prompt is called and is displayed on screen |
| Pressing E to interact with the door                              | The door opens and closes while playing the animation and the sound                 | Same as expected                                    |

## Test 8:
# Testing the picking up of keys in the scene
![[Pasted image 20230804124348.png]]

| Test Data                     | Expected                                                                                  | Observed                                            |
| ----------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------- |
| Walking into the key hitbox   | The game calls the widget "overlap prompt" and displays the prompt on screen              | Overlap prompt is called and is displayed on screen |
| Pressing E to pick the key up | The key is "picked up," and the sound plays to illustrate that the key has been picked up | Same as expected                                    |

## Test 9:
# AI roam, detection and kill logic
![[Pasted image 20230804124853.png]]

| Test Data       | Expected                                                                                                    | Observed                                                                                                                                        |
| --------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Roaming logic   | The game begins and the AI begins to roam the navigation mesh outlayed                                      | Exactly as expected                                                                                                                             |
| Detection logic | The AI sees the player, runs through the animation cycle and it runs at the player                          | Initially had some troubles with the enemy roaming into the rooms, but was later solved by ensuring that there was a dynamic navmesh in the map |
| Death logic     | The player gets too close to the NPC's hitbox and the player should die, sending them back to the main menu | Exactly as expected                                                                                                                             |


## Test 10:
# Win condition
![[Pasted image 20230804125536.png]]

| Test Data                                   | Expected                                                                                                    | Observed                                                                                                                                        |
| ------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| The player overlaps the hitbox of the fence | The player should see an interact prompt, causing them to escape the asylum                                 | Exactly as expected                                                                                                                             |
